Add Rari, Fred, and Web platform tools (#8)
mdn/awesome: README.md

- [About MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/about) - MDN's mission, team, partners, and projects.
- [Curriculum](https://mdn.dev/curriculum) - Structured learning resources and modules for web development education.
- [Content Repo](https://github.com/mdn/content) - Source repository for MDN's (en-US) documentation and examples.
- [Rari](https://github.com/mdn/rari) - MDN's build system.

> - [Fred](https://github.com/mdn/fred/) - MDN's frontend system built using web components, Lit, and server-side rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fred](https://github.com/mdn/fred/) - MDN's frontend built using web components, Lit, and server-side rendering.
```

- [xyy94813/mdn-site](https://github.com/xyy94813/mdn-site) - Helper scripts for MDN translation tasks, such as initializing an environment, copying specific files, and adding origin commit hashes to translated files in `mdn/translated-content`.
- [cheeslide/mdn-translation-analytics](https://github.com/cheeslide/mdn-translation-analytics) - An automated service powered by GitHub Action to help translators find jobs through analysis.
- [PassionPenguin/mdn_l10n_helper](https://github.com/PassionPenguin/mdn_l10n_helper) - A helper site for comparing the localized content of a specific branch and repository against the latest `mdn/content` source content.

> - [openwebdocs/web-docs-backlog](https://github.com/openwebdocs/web-docs-backlog) - A website to visualize web platform reference pages on MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web platform missing reference pages](https://openwebdocs.github.io/web-docs-backlog/) - Displays documentation missing from MDN, filtered by the Baseline status or browser implementation.
```

I would suggest a clearer description and link to the tool itself.
